Article 3. NEW: Blockchain.com App, The Only Crypto App You’ll Ever Need 

https://medium.com/blockchain/new-blockchain-com-app-the-only-crypto-app-youll-ever-need-a4ea497f8f21  

The Blockchain.com Wallet has evolved to become the Blockchain.com App. 

Explore a brand new user experience that delivers on all your crypto needs in one place. 

The brand new Blockchain.com App 

Users often have to make the decision to either trust a third party with theirs private keys or go through the complex process of self-custody. In addition to this, to experience the full value of crypto, users need multiple apps — to buy, sell, access dapps, all across multiple blockchains. 

The new Blockchain.com App solves this issue by giving you the best of custody and self-custody all in one place. 

The new app consists of two main features: 

Blockchain.com Account (Custodial) 

Buy over 30 of the most popular cryptocurrencies with a card or bank account, swap crypto-to-crypto, and earn rewards by staking your crypto and more. Assets in your Blockchain.com Account are held in a custodial account with your keys in custodial of Blockchain.com. 

DeFi Wallet (Self-custodial) 

Your “gateway” into the world of decentralized finance. Here you can self-custody your crypto on multiple blockchains, use dapps, and manage your NFT collections. You custody your own private keys to your DeFi Wallet. Assets are held on Bitcoin, Ethereum, Polygon, Solana, and other supported blockchains. 

Update your Blockchain.com App now 

We’re on a mission to make it easy for anyone, anywhere to access the world of crypto and beyond. 

Update your iOS or Android app today to experience the new Blockchain.com App. 

If you’re new to Blockchain.com, download the app from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store today. 

IMPORTANT NOTE: 

The purchase of crypto entails a risk. The value of crypto can fluctuate and capital involved in a crypto transaction is subject to market volatility and loss. 

Digital currencies are not bank deposits, are not legal tender, and are not backed by the government. Blockchain.com’s products and services are not subject to any governmental or government-backed deposit protection schemes. Legislative and regulatory changes or actions in any jurisdiction in which Blockchain.com’s customers are located may adversely affect the use, transfer, exchange, and value of digital currencies. 